---
slug: releases/1.2.0
title: Yumma CSS 1.2.0
authors: [rrenildopereiraa]
tags: [update]
---

I'm very happy to announce that [Yumma CSS v1.2.0](https://github.com/yumma-lib/yumma-css/releases/tag/v1.2.0) is now available! This version comes with amazing new features and improvements.

This is an incremental update that may contain bug fixes. Minor releases follow [Semantic Versioning](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-semantic-versioning) conventions.

<!-- truncate -->

### Get this release

```bash
npm i yummacss@v1.2.0
```

### Highlights

#### Added
- Added `fit-content` to **Height** and **Width** classes.
- Added **Max Dimension** and **Min Dimension** classes.
- Added `auto`, `full`, and `half` value to the **Flex** classes.
- Added Indigo color to the color palette.
- Added `transparent` to the color palette.
- Added `none` property to **Box Shadow** class.
- Added `.max-dim-{}` and `.min-dim-{}` classes.
- Added **Line Height** classes.
- Added responsive media queries to `.dim-{}`,`.max-dim-{}` and `.min-dim-{}` classes.
- The `.btn{}` component is now smaller by default.
- Improvements to the `_base.scss` partial file.
- Improvements in the **Direction** classes.
- Improvements to **Grid Template Columns** classes.
- Improvements to **Grid Template Rows** classes.
- Improvements to the **Flex Shrin**k clasess.
- Improvements to the **Font Sizes** classes.
- Improvements to the **Flex** classes.
- Color palette redesign.

#### Changed
- Viewports units are not dynamic.
- Removed default shadow in the `.nav{}` component.
- **Border Radius** default value is now 4px instead of 8px.
- Removed `.bs{}` class from **Box Shadow**.

#### Deprecated
- Removed complement button component.
- Removed the `!default` flag from all variables.
- Magenta color is deprecated.
- The `showVer()` function is no longer available.